hello there so as you can see from the
title we are here to try to fix a
blackberry curve as you know that it has
a major problem that the battery resets
a lot so if you if you're if you have
the phone on and you put it down
sometimes it would just reset or if you
you know if you're running it you turn
it on you take it out of your pocket and
it resets so today we're going to try to
fix that issue there are a lot of people
have tried a lot of different things in
the software but that's not really an
issue the problem is that it has a
battery which is loose that if you move
it you can see it moving and whenever it
moves it resets and those of you who
have a blackberry we're probably looking
at this video because you have one an
hour having this problem you know that
BlackBerry takes like about five to
seven minutes to really start up it has
a very long startup time so today we're
going to try to fix it so here we go the
problem here is that this battery is not
tight enough so what we are going to do
is that we're going to take this double
tape that we have and the idea is to put
double tape on two sides of it yeah we
could do it this way and this way or we
could do it the top and the left side we
cannot do the bottom because putting it
we want the battery to press down on
this way and the best way to do with the
left side is pressing towards the
battery is right because as you can see
here that the battery connectors are
over here so here we go first you want
to cut them into really small pieces
that would fit here so here we have it
we have
these two little pieces okay so what we
have here is that we have the two pieces
of tape attached as if you can see this
one is not really sticking that well
because there are there are some ridges
in the back however you don't have to
worry about it that much because once
the battery goes in everything is going
to settle down now what we have is that
since it's double tape it sticking to
this side and it's sticking to this side
and then the other sticky side is going
to be facing the battery so when we
place the battery in it's going to
basically take its place and fit well
you can also place the tapes like these
because they are a little bit thick we
are having a little problem sticking it
to this side and then have the battery
going on this side so we are going to
install them like this so first thing
you want to do is get the bottom of the
battery inside because there are little
hooks there and then you can basically
force it down a little bit as you can
see that there is some double tape
padding on this side and this is also
holding in here and basically this is
going to make it so tight that the
battery is not going to move around
anymore
so here we go the phone has now started
up and everything seems to be working
fine now how can you really test that
this works you can try shaking it you
can try it you know doing like a light
slamming the phone on your hand
slamming is a harsh word for your phone
but you know what I mean
before i padded it sometimes I will just
put it down like this and the phone
would restart however now we see that
the double tape that we installed is
working pretty well and we don't have to
worry about it restarting all the time
well until my next video
enjoy your blackberries and have a good
time